>> Bianca Gandolfo: On to the next,
breadth first.
So breadth first is another
traversal strategy where
we go layer by layer.
And like I mentioned before,
the difference between breadth first and
depth first is that breadth first is
gonna use a queue versus a stack.
So let's take a look.
So first of all i wanna like
just take a step back and
talk about why this looks a tree
when it's really a graph.
And it all has to do with like for
these searches,
you start with one node and
it's kind of like a root node, so
I kind of think of this graph if kind
of think about it if you pick it up.
And it hangs down,
they kinda look like a tree, right?
So we need to reverse a graph and
breath first or
depth first it kinda make a tree,
or does make a tree.
So you could represent a graph
as a tree through reversing it
and setting up the edges
as you traverse it.
>> Speaker 2: Why the two pictures?
I mean, they're the same thing?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
it's just the idea,
doesn't it look more like a tree
on the one with the curved lines?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, okay,
I see what you're saying, okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so
if you see, we're starting with S and
if you're also having trouble thinking
about what are these levels like a tree?
If you just pull it up like this you
will see how it falls into levels.
You know what it mean?
So other people talk about it like
spiraling out, spiral, spiral.
I kinda think about it like this,
like a string, pull it up.
Cool, all right, so
here is our pseudo code for
breadth first search.
So the first thing you wanna do,
start with the vertex and
you mark it as visited, right?
Again we have an object,
store some things, say that it's visited.
Then we add it to our queue,
while the queue is not empty,
you are going to traverse each edge and
for each edge incident to vertex.
So, for breadth first
search you take the steps of,
you add the current node
to the queue,
then you dequeue it to process it.
And you add all of its
children to the queue,
and then you dequeue the next one,
add all of its children to the queue.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Dequeue it, add all
of its children to the queue, etc, etc.
So for S, so we enqueue it,
here we are, it's in the queue.
We dequeue it,
which means we've visited it.
And then we add all of the children,
all of its adjacent vertices and
then,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We dequeue that.
Add all of its adjacent
vertices that are unvisited,
that's important then we dequeue it.
C, add all of its unvisited
adjacent vertices, which is none.
And then you keep going down and
down and down until it's empty.
This is, [LAUGH] some in-depth pseudo
code to help you with the exercise.
So feel free to reference this as you're
going through it to walk you through,
step-by-step, how do you
implement breadth-first search.